<docs> improvements to material guides (#18759)
angular/components: guides/theming-your-components.md

#### 3. Include the theme mixin in your application
Use the Sass `@include` keyword to include a component's theme mixin wherever you're already
including Angular Material's built-in theme mixins.  You will need to import directly to the file
where your theme palette definitions have been made (typically styles.scss).  If you are creating 
many custom component themes, you may wish to place them all in a single file in order to `@include`
a single secondary theme, just as the Angular Material Theme includes styles for many components.
This can avoid the additional complexity of creating a cascading chain of `map-get()` and `mat-color`
commands to import your theme down a tree of imports, or having to `@include` multiple custom

> component themes for each alternate color theme defined for your application.

Reviewer: I'm not sure about that this new content covers topics that belong in this guide. 

> You will need to import directly to the file where your theme palette definitions have been made

I think that explaining the import mixin is getting into basic Sass, which isn't really necessary here. I do think that it's good to show this in the example, though. 

> If you are creating many custom component themes, you may wish to place them all in a single file

I don't want to start giving advice here about organizing the theme mixins, since what we're doing isn't necessarily a best practice. If doing things over again, I probably wouldn't create a single mixin that pulls in the styles for all the components, instead having people include the individual components be be more explicit about dependencies.

Author: I'd be glad to remove the second sentence.  

As far as basic Sass is concerned, perhaps a better path would be to place a link outward to the Sass documentation?  The example prior to my edit included all the Sass -except- the import, which can be very confusing (eg following the example exactly and not getting the described result).   I wanted to make sure the example was fully functional.

Reviewer: Yeah, including the import in the example is definitely an improvement. And linking to the Sass docs in this guide would be a good idea. Maybe something at the top like

"This document assumes working knowledge of Sass. Check out sass-lang.com/guide to lean more."

```scss
// Import library functions for theme creation.
@import '~@angular/material/theming';

> // Import your custom component theme from it's own file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Import the theme mixin for your custom component
```

$primary: mat-palette($mat-indigo);
$accent:  mat-palette($mat-pink, A200, A100, A400);
$theme: mat-light-theme($primary, $accent);
$alttheme: mat-dark-theme($primary, $accent);

// Include theme styles for Angular Material components.
@include angular-material-theme($theme);

// Include theme styles for your custom components.
@include candy-carousel-theme($theme);

// define theme styles for your alternate theme
.alternate-theme {

>   @include angular-material-theme($alttheme);

Reviewer 2: Maybe call it `$alt-theme` so it's easier to read?

  border-color: mat-color($primary, '100-contrast');
}
```

> #### Angular Material Theme Palette keys

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Palette keys
```

> Every Angular Material palette color (eg primary, accent, warn) contains 7 defined hues which can be drawn
> out of the palette object with `mat-color`.  
> 
> These seven keys are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Angular Material's color palettes include specially-keyed
hues that can be used in your custom components.
```

``` 
default: the base color
lighter: a lightened version of the hue
darker: a darker version of the hue
text: the default text color for the palette
default-contrast: the default contrast color
lighter-contrast: a lighter contrast color; in a dark theme, usually white

> darker-contrast: a darker contrast color; in a light theme, usually black

Reviewer: I would change this list to a table (Key | Description)
